Compress serialized indexers (#2346)
tenzir/vast: changelog/unreleased/features/2346--indexer-compression.md

VAST now compresses on-disk indexes with Zstd, resulting in a 50-80% size
reduction depending on the type of indexes used, and reducing the overall index
size to below the raw data size. This improves retention spans significantly.

> For example, using the default configuration, partitions of `suricata.ftp`

Reviewer: A user could easily interpret this as a 75% improvement overall.
```suggestion
For example, using the default configuration, the indexes for `suricata.ftp`
```
